Update index.md (#10585)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/functions/index.md

keyword, the default value is the value of its `this` parameter. For all
other functions, the default return value is {{jsxref("undefined")}}.

The parameters of a function call are the function's _arguments_. Arguments may be passed _by value_
(in the case of [primitive values](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures#primitive_values))
or _by reference_ (in the case of [objects](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures#objects)). 

> This means that if a function reassigns a primitive type parameter, the value wont change outside the function. In the case of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if a function reassigns or changes a primitive type parameter, the value won't change outside the function. In the case of
```

Author: Again I think that the correct term is reassignment, change is just to vague.

> an object type parameter, if it's reasigned or mutated, the change will impact outside of the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an object type parameter, if it's reassigned or changed, the change will impact outside of the function.
```

Also "is visible outside" seems clearer then "will impact outside of" - was there a particular reason for this change?

Author: I prefer mutate since it's the technical term to describe the following situation:
```
const a = {};
a.name = Federico //this is the mutation
```

Reviewer: Fair enough. Please just fix the typo, then.
